New doc architecture (#395)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/gettingstarted/register.md

---

> title: "Register Things"

Reviewer: Let's also call it consistently devices or end devices, not things

Author: Well, this one give instructions for `devices` and `gateways`. So `Register gateways and devices` ?

Reviewer: Yes

description: ""
weight: 5
--- 

> The stack count a total of three things; gateways, application, devices. Each is highly tunable, don't hesitate go to check the [References](../../references) to see all possible settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The stack count a total of three things; gateways, application, devices. Each is highly customizable - full list of possible settings can be found at [References](../../references).
```

---

> title: "Register things"

Reviewer 3: Title Case
